w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.exe
W:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.deps.json
W:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.runtimeconfig.json
W:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.runtimeconfig.dev.json
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.pdb
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.AssemblyInfo.cs
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.pdb
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
w:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
W:\Documents\source\Csharp\markjprice\Csharp 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0\Code\Chapter 04\Instrumenting\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Instrumenting.csproj.CopyComplete
